Update README.md: toolchain update tip (#425)
paritytech/cargo-contract: README.md

* Step 3: `cargo install --force cargo-contract`.

> You can always update the toolchain to the latest version by running the Step 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can always update the `cargo-contract` binary to the latest version by running the Step 3.
```

Small change in wording, but wouldn't want people to think that `binaryen` (for example) would also get updated as part of this
